PROJ-149 - Added goal zone package to where we introduce goal zones in sprint 3 in the report. (#85)
SW805F20/report: sections/sprint-3/uppaal.tex

A good side-effect of generating the \uppaal model was that it required some reflection upon the network data format specified in \autoref{subsec:data-format}.
This resulted in some minor refactoring of the format.
\\
First of all, the format for sending a field anchor position had a timestamp as a part of the package.
Since the anchors will only be sent once, it does not make sense to timestamp it so this has been removed.

> The updated version of the data format can be found in \autoref{app:network}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The updated version of the data format can be found in \autoref{app:network}.
```

\\

> \autoref{tab:goal-zone} has been updated to be 8 bit and not 16 bit.

Reviewer: to be 8 bit? hvad er 8 bit? og var der skrevet et sted at den var 16 før? Mener ikke at vi sendte det med før

> With 8 bit the goal zones can not be larger than 255 cm x 255 cm, but we do consider that a reasonable size.
> With 16 bit the goal zone was previous able to be 655.36 m x 655.36 m, which would give the user room for customization to have much larger goal zones, but we deemed goal zones larger than 255 cm x 255 cm unnecessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With 8 bit for the goal zone offsets, goals can not be larger than 255 cm x 255 cm, but we decided that it is a reasonable size.
Alternatively, the size could be increased to 16 bit, resulting in the goal zones having a maximum size of 655.36 m x 655.36 m, which would give the user room for customization to have much larger goal zones, but we deemed goal zones larger than 255 cm x 255 cm unnecessary for the time being.
```

Additionally, three new packages have been specified: Sending a player tag, sending an acknowledgement or sending the signal to start the game.

\begin{table}[H]
    \centering
    \begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|l|l|}
        \hline
        Offset (o) & POSY (y) & POSX (x) & TEAM\_ID (i) & \multicolumn{1}{c|}{\textbf{\begin{tabular}[c]{@{}c@{}}TYPE (t)\\ 5\end{tabular}}} \\ \hline

>         8 bit      & 16 bit   & 16 bit   & 8 bit        & 8 bit                                                   \\ \hline

Reviewer: her står bit, i de andre står der bits?

Author: nu står der bits alle steder
